skills/imagen/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: imagen
description: |
source: "https://github.com/sanjay3290/ai-skills/tree/main/skills/imagen"
risk: safe
---

# Imagen - AI Image Generation Skill

## Overview

This skill generates images using Google Gemini's image generation model (`gemini-3-pro-image-preview`). It enables seamless image creation during any Claude Code session - whether you're building frontend UIs, creating documentation, or need visual representations of concepts.

**Cross-Platform**: Works on Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## When to Use This Skill

Automatically activate this skill when:
- User requests image generation (e.g., "generate an image of...", "create a picture...")
- Frontend development requires placeholder or actual images
- Documentation needs illustrations or diagrams
- Visualizing concepts, architectures, or ideas
- Creating icons, logos, or UI assets
- Any task where an AI-generated image would be helpful

## How It Works

1. Takes a text prompt describing the desired image
2. Calls Google Gemini API with image generation configuration
3. Saves the generated image to a specified location (defaults to current directory)
4. Returns the file path for use in your project

## Usage

### Python (Cross-Platform - Recommended)

```bash
# Basic usage
python scripts/generate_image.py "A futuristic city skyline at sunset"

# With custom output path
python scripts/generate_image.py "A minimalist app icon for a music player" "./assets/icons/music-icon.png"

# With custom size
python scripts/generate_image.py --size 2K "High resolution landscape" "./wallpaper.png"
```

## Requirements

- `GEMINI_API_KEY` environment variable must be set
- Python 3.6+ (uses standard library only, no pip install needed)

## Output

Generated images are saved as PNG files. The script returns:
- Success: Path to the generated image
- Failure: Error message with details

## Examples

### Frontend Development
```
User: "I need a hero image for my landing page - something abstract and tech-focused"
-> Generates and saves image, provides path for use in HTML/CSS
```

### Documentation
```
User: "Create a diagram showing microservices architecture"
-> Generates visual representation, ready for README or docs
```

### UI Assets
```
User: "Generate a placeholder avatar image for the user profile component"
-> Creates image in appropriate size for component use
```

Commit message:

Add single-shot + capybara guardrails to imagen skill

skills/imagen/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: imagen
description: |
source: "https://github.com/sanjay3290/ai-skills/tree/main/skills/imagen"
risk: safe
---

# Imagen - AI Image Generation Skill

## Overview

This skill generates images using Google Gemini's image generation model (`gemini-3-pro-image-preview`). It enables seamless image creation during any Claude Code session - whether you're building frontend UIs, creating documentation, or need visual representations of concepts.

**Cross-Platform**: Works on Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## When to Use This Skill

Automatically activate this skill when:
- User requests image generation (e.g., "generate an image of...", "create a picture...")
- Frontend development requires placeholder or actual images
- Documentation needs illustrations or diagrams
- Visualizing concepts, architectures, or ideas
- Creating icons, logos, or UI assets
- Any task where an AI-generated image would be helpful

## Hard Safety Rules (No Exceptions)

### 1) Single-Shot Mandate (quota protection)

You are **FORBIDDEN** from issuing more than **1 (ONE)** image generation call per user request (or per workflow execution, if running inside a pipeline).

If the first attempt fails (503/500/timeout/any error):

- **STOP. DO NOT RETRY automatically.**
- Check the output directory first. Some providers return errors even when a file was created (false-negative).
- If no file was created, mark the image as pending and ask the user if they want to explicitly try again.

Only attempt a second generation if the user explicitly says **"generate again"** (or equivalent).

### 2) Prompt-Specific Guardrail: Capybara (quadrupedal only)

If the prompt involves the LinkedIn-Branding "Dark Steel Beast" capybara character (or otherwise requests a capybara):

- The capybara must be **quadrupedal / on all fours**.
- Avoid the word **"standing"** (it tends to trigger upright/bipedal generations). Use "positioned low" / "crouching" / "resting".
- Include an explicit anti-bipedal constraint early in the prompt (e.g., "NEVER BIPEDAL").

If the generated image shows a bipedal/upright capybara: **do not use it**. Do not auto-regenerate (Single-Shot Mandate still applies).

## How It Works

1. Takes a text prompt describing the desired image
2. Calls Google Gemini API with image generation configuration
3. Saves the generated image to a specified location (defaults to current directory)
4. Returns the file path for use in your project

## Usage

### Python (Cross-Platform - Recommended)

```bash
# Basic usage
python scripts/generate_image.py "A futuristic city skyline at sunset"

# With custom output path
python scripts/generate_image.py "A minimalist app icon for a music player" "./assets/icons/music-icon.png"

# With custom size
python scripts/generate_image.py --size 2K "High resolution landscape" "./wallpaper.png"
```

## Requirements

- `GEMINI_API_KEY` environment variable must be set
- Python 3.6+ (uses standard library only, no pip install needed)

## Output

Generated images are saved as PNG files. The script returns:
- Success: Path to the generated image
- Failure: Error message with details

## Examples

### Frontend Development
```
User: "I need a hero image for my landing page - something abstract and tech-focused"
-> Generates and saves image, provides path for use in HTML/CSS
```

### Documentation
```
User: "Create a diagram showing microservices architecture"
-> Generates visual representation, ready for README or docs
```

### UI Assets
```
User: "Generate a placeholder avatar image for the user profile component"
-> Creates image in appropriate size for component use
```
